Update about-metricflow.md (#8038)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/about-metricflow.md

MetricFlow is a SQL query generation tool designed to streamline metric creation across different data dimensions for diverse business needs. 
- It operates through YAML files, where a semantic graph links language to data. This graph comprises [semantic models](/docs/build/semantic-models) (data entry points) and [metrics](/docs/build/metrics-overview) (functions for creating quantitative indicators).

> - MetricFlow is developed and maintained as part of the [Open Semantic Interchange (OSI)](https://www.snowflake.com/en/blog/open-semantic-interchange-ai-standard/) initiative. MetricFlow is compatible with dbt version 1.6 and higher.

Author: ```suggestion
- MetricFlow is developed and maintained as part of the [Open Semantic Interchange (OSI)](https://www.snowflake.com/en/blog/open-semantic-interchange-ai-standard/) initiative. 
- MetricFlow is compatible with dbt version 1.6 and higher.
```

MetricFlow is a SQL query generation tool designed to streamline metric creation across different data dimensions for diverse business needs. 
- It operates through YAML files, where a semantic graph links language to data. This graph comprises [semantic models](/docs/build/semantic-models) (data entry points) and [metrics](/docs/build/metrics-overview) (functions for creating quantitative indicators).
- MetricFlow is developed and maintained as part of the [Open Semantic Interchange (OSI)](https://www.snowflake.com/en/blog/open-semantic-interchange-ai-standard/) initiative. 
- MetricFlow is compatible with dbt version 1.6 and higher.

> - MeticFlow is distributed under the [Apache 2.0 license](https://github.com/dbt-labs/metricflow/blob/main/LICENSE). Data practitioners and enthusiasts are highly encouraged to contribute. Read more about [MetricFlow's license history](https://www.snowflake.com/en/blog/open-semantic-interchange-ai-standard/). 

Reviewer: I think that last link was meant to be something else - maybe linking to that section of the README? Other than that looks great!

Author: Yes! Good catch. Fixed.

> - MeticFlow is distributed under the [Apache 2.0 license](https://github.com/dbt-labs/metricflow/blob/main/LICENSE). Data practitioners and enthusiasts are highly encouraged to contribute. Read more about [MetricFlow's license history](https://www.snowflake.com/en/blog/open-semantic-interchange-ai-standard/). 

Author: ```suggestion
- MeticFlow is distributed under the [Apache 2.0 license](https://github.com/dbt-labs/metricflow/blob/main/LICENSE). Data practitioners and enthusiasts are highly encouraged to contribute. Read more about [MetricFlow's license history](https://github.com/dbt-labs/metricflow?tab=readme-ov-file#license-history). 
```
